README.md, before:

[ANY] Donor Menu
============
This is basically designed so you can have a Donor Menu without the hassle, just put the VIP commands in donors.cfg.

The plugin considers anyone with the Kick "a" flag a donor.

**Put the commands going in "donors.cfg" in "admin_overrides.cfg" so only admins and donors can use it!**

**Donors.cfg:** 
```
"Donor Menu"
{
    "title"    "Menu Title"
    "type"     "list"
    "items"
    {
        "sm_example"	"Here's an informational item"
        "sm_example2"  	"This launches a client command when selected"
    }
}
```

##Plugin Dependencies

[Admin Overrides](https://wiki.alliedmods.net/Overriding_Command_Access_(SourceMod))

##CVars
sm_donormenu_version 	(Do Not Touch this!)

sm_donormenu_welcome	"1" //Show welcome message to newly connected users

sm_donormenu_admins		"0" //Show a list of online admins in the menu

##Commands
**Console:** sm_donor

**Chat:** !donor

##Changelog
```
*1.1* - Restricted !donor command to players only with "a" flag.
1.0 - Added a Welcome Message. Removed Map Rotation. Added cvar for a Admin menu.
0.3 - Modified code so it can work alongside HelpMenu
0.2 - Fixed Menu saying "Help Menu" rather than "Donor Menu"
0.1 - Initial Release
```

##How to Install
"donormenu.smx" --> "<game>/addons/sourcemod/plugins"

"donors.cfg" --> "<game>/addons/sourcemod/configs"

Put "sm_donors" in "configs/admin_overrides.cfg"

**Example:** admin_overrides.cfg
```
Overrides
{
	"command"//<--Put Command Here	"abc"//<--Put Admin Flag Here
}
```
##Build Status
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Sarabveer/SM-DonorMenu.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Sarabveer/SM-DonorMenu)

##Credits
This is a heavily modified version of [HelpMenu v0.3](https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=72576)

[HelpMenu 0.3 vs. Donor Menu 1.1](https://www.diffchecker.com/wwds6yne)

Commit message:

1.1.1 Update
Fixed Bug: Online Admins shows up as Map Rotation in Menu

README.md, after:

[ANY] Donor Menu
============
This is basically designed so you can have a Donor Menu without the hassle, just put the VIP commands in donors.cfg.

The plugin considers anyone with the Kick "a" flag a donor.

**Put the commands going in "donors.cfg" in "admin_overrides.cfg" so only admins and donors can use it!**

**Donors.cfg:** 
```
"Donor Menu"
{
    "title"    "Menu Title"
    "type"     "list"
    "items"
    {
        "sm_example"	"Here's an informational item"
        "sm_example2"  	"This launches a client command when selected"
    }
}
```

##Plugin Dependencies

[Admin Overrides](https://wiki.alliedmods.net/Overriding_Command_Access_(SourceMod))

##CVars
sm_donormenu_version 	(Do Not Touch this!)

sm_donormenu_welcome	"1" //Show welcome message to newly connected users

sm_donormenu_admins		"0" //Show a list of online admins in the menu

##Commands
**Console:** sm_donor

**Chat:** !donor

##Changelog
```
*1.1.1* - Fixed Bug: Online Admins shows up as Map Rotation in Menu
1.1 - Restricted !donor command to players only with "a" flag.
1.0 - Added a Welcome Message. Removed Map Rotation. Added cvar for a Admin menu.
0.3 - Modified code so it can work alongside HelpMenu
0.2 - Fixed Menu saying "Help Menu" rather than "Donor Menu"
0.1 - Initial Release
```

##How to Install
"donormenu.smx" --> "<game>/addons/sourcemod/plugins"

"donors.cfg" --> "<game>/addons/sourcemod/configs"

Put "sm_donors" in "configs/admin_overrides.cfg"

**Example:** admin_overrides.cfg
```
Overrides
{
	"command"//<--Put Command Here	"abc"//<--Put Admin Flag Here
}
```
##Build Status
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Sarabveer/SM-DonorMenu.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Sarabveer/SM-DonorMenu)

##Credits
This is a heavily modified version of [HelpMenu v0.3](https://forums.alliedmods.net/showthread.php?t=72576)

[HelpMenu 0.3 vs. Donor Menu 1.1](https://www.diffchecker.com/wwds6yne)
